So how early do you get the family involved with the next step? Next career
stuff. So likely you'd better have your wife. Your significant
other wife for May files for May evolved from the get go. Okay, So
you're married, go north, walk and then we're gonna choose a ship from
there and figure out where we're going. So we knew what should like.
We're going to new reports. We have to go outside, so you'll get
some house hunting leave and you want to take the family. That's about
the latest. You want to let everybody know you don't want to come
home and find aides say, Hey, we're moving toe San Diego on Monday.
Very brave, man. Or in a word for that, you might want to use that
kind of watch it. I believe ill communications on happy spouse. Happy
life. So definitely people spouse involved. And the kids, you know,
get kids are called military brats for one reason. They follow you
around the world. Um, you know, they're gonna wanna know that they're
moving. So I said, if you know, you should tell him the way I assumed
you Find out. I will say as you get senior in right, the shorter
time frame that you're gonna find that out Fat Funny story I know
is when the A dispersion will be built in the Reagan years. One commanding
officer's academy, Graduate pictures. Entire war On what? Little
God also not. What's that? He was home 54. Well, the skipper for
Whole 53 had burner. So whole skipper for Whole 54 to go to 53. Who
says he doesn't have a sense of humor? The new skipper for 54 wars,
of course, ain't on the academy. Oh, I got a funny way. Was who hurt
out when your suit. So the boy that sorry? Is it just You know, your
senior? You're not gonna get that information. It's time with you.
You're a junior officer. The exactly Walser our head. It was all
for you. Well, that's not the case. If you can, seeker, you know, you're
it was quite a piece of me. But their lives when this war peg in
a round hole, it's so